Updates to porting from .NET Framework (#34301)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/porting/index.md

The .NET Framework compatibility mode was introduced in .NET Standard 2.0. The compatibility mode allows .NET Standard and .NET projects to reference .NET Framework libraries on Windows only. Referencing .NET Framework libraries doesn't work for all projects, such as if the library uses WPF APIs, but it does unblock many porting scenarios. For more information, see the [Analyze your dependencies to port code from .NET Framework to .NET](third-party-deps.md#net-framework-compatibility-mode).

## Target framework changes in SDK-style projects

As previously mentioned, the project files for .NET use a different format than .NET Framework, known as the SDK-style project format. Even if you're not moving from .NET Framework to .NET, you should still upgrade the project file to the latest format. Specifying a target framework in has changed in SDK-style projects. In .NET Framework, the `<TargetFrameworkVersion>` property is used with a moniker that specified the version of .NET Framework. For example, .NET Framework 4.7.2 looks like the following snippet:

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
  <TargetFrameworkVersion>v4.7.2</TargetFrameworkVersion>
</PropertyGroup>
```

> The SDK-style project uses a different property to identify the target framework, the `<TargetFramework>` property. When targeting .NET Framework, the moniker used starts with `net` and ends with the version of .NET Framework without any periods. The moniker to target .NET Framework 4.7.2 is `net472`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An SDK-style project uses a different property to identify the target framework, the `<TargetFramework>` property. When targeting .NET Framework, the moniker starts with `net` and ends with the version of .NET Framework without any periods. For example, the moniker to target .NET Framework 4.7.2 is `net472`:
```
